README.md, before:

RuneAudio
Free and open source Hi-Fi music player for embedded hardware


Copyright (C) 2013-2014 RuneAudio Team
http://www.runeaudio.com

RuneUI
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - Andrea Coiutti (aka ACX) & Simone De Gregori (aka Orion)

RuneOS
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - Simone De Gregori (aka Orion) & Carmelo San Giovanni (aka Um3ggh1U)

RuneAudio website and logo
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - ACX webdesign (Andrea Coiutti)

This Program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)
any later version.

This Program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with RuneAudio; see the file COPYING.  If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt>.

Commit message:

Initial version of support for MPD satellite mode

README.md, after:


RuneAudio with support for MPD database proxy and remote music folder (aka satellite mode).

This is a forked version of...

RuneAudio
Free and open source Hi-Fi music player for embedded hardware


Copyright (C) 2013-2014 RuneAudio Team
http://www.runeaudio.com

RuneUI
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - Andrea Coiutti (aka ACX) & Simone De Gregori (aka Orion)

RuneOS
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - Simone De Gregori (aka Orion) & Carmelo San Giovanni (aka Um3ggh1U)

RuneAudio website and logo
copyright (C) 2013-2014 - ACX webdesign (Andrea Coiutti)

This Program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3, or (at your option)
any later version.

This Program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with RuneAudio; see the file COPYING.  If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt>.
